Test qa data rename (#6470)
Flowminder/FlowKit: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

### Fixed

> - Test QA check IDs are now of the right format. [#6472](https://github.com/Flowminder/FlowKit/issues/6472)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Test QA check IDs are now of the same format as those produced by FlowETL. [#6472](https://github.com/Flowminder/FlowKit/issues/6472)
```
